## PROJECT AUTO AND COMMAND LINE EXPLORATORY DATA ANALYSIS (EDA)

### Table of Contents

1. [Installations](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [File Descriptions](#files)
4. [How to Interact with my project / Results](#results)
5. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## 1. Installations <a name="installation"></a>
There some libraries that you should install to run this python code shared in jupyter notebook. They are:

	1. pandas
	2. numpy
	2. pandas_profiling
	3. sweetviz
	4. autoviz
	5. matplotlib
	6. seaborn
		
<p align="justify">You can install all of them using pip install <librarie_name> or you can add one more cell in jupyer notebook e write !pip install <librarie_name>
All module used in this project can be see below. They were extracted from the libraries mentioned above.</p>

	import pandas as pd
	import numpy as np
	import pandas_profiling
	import sweetviz as sv
	from autoviz.AutoViz_Class import AutoViz_Class
	import matplotlib.pylab as plt
	import seaborn as sns
	
Beisdes, only to complement, I developed the project using python version 3.8.5. You check the python version with this command:

	!python --version	

## 2. Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

<p align="justify">The motivation to develop this project was to create ways to provide a quick overview of a data set through command lines developed with the Python language and the pandas_profiling and sweetviz libraries. These approaches allow for speed gains in the understanding and preparation of data within a pipeline and in the wake of projects. Also, the libraries used allow reports to be generated so that they can be shared with all team members involved in the data project and provide a dissemination of knowledge.</p>

## 3. File Descriptions<a name="files"></a>

This project consists of the files below:

    ├── dataset																
	│   ├── craigslistVehicles.csv
	│   ├──	EDA - Pandas Profiling - Carros OLX.html	
	│   ├──	EDA - Sweetviz - Carros OLX.html
    │   ├── Dataset_Carros_OLX.csv           			
    │   └── kaggle							# Folder where were stored datasets from Kaggle.
    │       ├── go.html                      			
    │       └── master.html                  			
    │
	├── plots							# Plots generated from EDA reports      			
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_Embarked_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_Parch_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_Pclass_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_Sex_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_SibSp_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_Fare_by_Survived_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BarPlots Average_{each_conti}_by_{cats[k]}_(Ascending).png
	│   ├── BoxPlots.png
	│   ├── DistPlot.png
	│   ├── DistPlots.png
	│   ├── HeatMap.png
	│   ├── PairScatterPlots.png
	│   ├── PairWiseScatterPlots.png
	│   ├── PivotPlots.png
	│   ├── ScatterPlots.png
	│
    ├── Auto-EDA.ipynb						# EDA using pandas_profling and also sweetviz	
	│
    ├── Command_Analise_EDA.ipynb					# EDA using command line using python language as well

<ul>		
	<li><p align="justify">Folder datasets: In this folder you will find the data sets extracted from the Kaggle website. Also, the .html reports generated by executing the Auto-EDA.ipynb file will be found.</p>
	<li><p align="justify">Folder plots: In this folder you will find the plots generated from Auto-EDA.ipynb.</p>
	
	<li><p align="justify">Auto-EDA.ipynb: This file contains the codes for importing the libraries, loading the data sets and generating the reports through the pandas_proling and sweetviz libraries.</p>
	<li><p align="justify">Command_Analise_EDA.ipynb: This file contains the codes for importing the libraries, configuring the IDE, enabling the auto complete functionality, loading the CSV, initial analysis using statistics, data reclassifications, data cleaning, checking correlations and presenting results with graphs of the type histogram, boxplots and with two dimensions.</p>
	<li>Report of Web_Scraping_OLX_Carros: In this file, you can check the code developed as well as a report.
</ul>

## 4. How to Interact with my project / Results<a name="results"></a>

<p align="justify">To interact with this project, just open the jupyter notebooks called 
	Auto-EDA.ipynb 
or 
	Command_Analise_EDA.ipynb 
and execute the cells with the codes created.</p>

## 5. Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements, etc.<a name="licensing"></a>

<ul>
	<li><p align="justify">https://www.kaggle.com/datasets</p>
</ul>
